# SmartFarm
Since the Industrial Revolution, automated systems have continued to change people's lives. More and more intelligent machines are designed and aim to replace human labor. Intelligent machines can provide longer working hours, more efficient outputs, and long-term stable profits. In some food factories, or Tesla's unmanned factories. Machines can work 24 hours a day and 7 days a week automatically. As the automation system continues to spread, we want to bring a new model to the farm. We have found that using drones to guard farms can save a lot of the workforce. First, for a large farm, how to monitor and prevent animals from eating crops is a big problem. It is difficult for some workers who patrol the entire farm at different times of the day. Then, the farm may consider using some cameras to monitor the entire farm, but the problem is that the camera cannot move. When the problem is found and the workers rush over, the crops may have been cracked already. Therefore, is there a better way to avoid animals eating crops? Yes, we are proposing this smart farm project that relies on drones. The drone can provide a wider field of view and monitor the entire farm in a relatively short period of time. Farmers only need to stipulate a fixed route and the start time, then the drone can monitor the entire farm every day automatically and frequently. When some animals are found, the drone will generate a report in sync and send a notification to the user's phone. We also allow drones to get close to the animals and then try to chase the animal away through the sound. As we mentioned, the use case of drones is not limited to the above scenario， but we think this is a good example. Smart farms have a huge demand in market prospects.
